# How did the Mineral Revolution lay the groundwork for racial segregation in South Africa?
The Mineral Revolution layed the groundwork for racial segregation in South Africa by creating a situation that people couldn’t get out of, in addition to putting Africans into a position that they wouldn’t be able to leave. The British basically created a slave situation where, no matter how hard you work, you will always be in the same spot, and you cannot escape without something bad happening to you. In the reading it states that, “The British began to impose taxes on Africans in order to force them to work in the mines so that they could earn money to pay those taxes. More and more African land was seized—and people were taxed—as more gold and diamond deposits were found. A wave of unskilled men, faced with fewer choices as a result of land losses and taxation, arrived to work in the mines. Mine owners housed their workers in closed compounds in order to better control them and prevent theft” (Part 1: Precolonial and Colonial South Africa). This illustrates that people working in the mines were forced into the situation, and weren’t able to get out due to the money they got going directly back to the people who were keeping them there. The workers were put into a situation that they would never be allowed to escape from, a situation where they were always being controlled and always stuck. They were basically on a treadmill, where no matter how hard they work, and how hard they try to move forward, they always are in the same spot and situation. The British implementing taxes forced Africans to be stuck in that position, without the hope of ever getting out, because the chances of escape were very little, and sadly they needed the job to pay the tax. In conclusion, the Mineral Revolution layed the groundwork for racial segregation in South Africa by forcing Africans into a situation they would never be able to leave, and a situation where they would always be controlled

## Res

Hey Willam!
I definitely agree with your point that the heavy taxes on Africans even as they were working dangerous jobs in the mines was a cruel trap. I really liked your analogy of the treadmill. When I think of a treadmill, I'm always reminded of it being invented for prisoners, and also of its mechanical and robotic characteristics. And in essence, that really was what the Africans were to the British, very dehumanizing and disturbing. 
